RE2022-328: implement genome uploading section (#656)
kbase/collections: docs/data_pipeline_procedure.md

         ```text
         collectionssource/NONE/GTDB/[GTDB_release_ver]/[ncbi_genome_id]/
         ```
   * Workspace Uploader
     * Example usage
        ```commandline
        python src/loaders/workspace_uploader/workspace_uploader.py \
          --workspace_id $workspace_id \
          --kbase_collection $kbase_collection \
          --source_ver $source_verion \
          --env $env \
          --token_filepath $token_filepath \
          --au_service_ver $au_service_ver \
          --load_id $load_id
        ```
     * Generated files/metafiles
       * NCBI source data directory
         ```text
         sourcedata/NCBI/NONE/<genome_name>/<file_name>
         ```

>          In this directory, we originally anticipated finding a GenBank file downloaded using the NCBI downloader script.
>          As this directory is softlinked to the corresponding collection source directory, we also anticipate the 
>          presence of a FASTA file and an uploaded.yaml file upon the successful upload of a genome object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Prior to running the workspace uploader, these directories should contain a GenBank file downloaded
        using the NCBI downloader script.
        A softlink is created by the downloader from the appropriate `collectionssource` directory (see below),
        and so when an upload is complete a FASTA file and an `uploaded.yaml` file should be present.
```

       * WS source data directory
         ```text
         sourcedata/WS/[env]/[workspace_id]/[UPA]/[UPA].fa or [UPA].meta
         ```

>          In this directory, we anticipate finding exclusively a FASTA file and a metadata file.
>          This script generates the metadata file upon the successful upload of a genome object and hardlinks the FASTA file
>          from the collection source directory.
>      
>          The workspace source directory will eventually be linked as a soft link to the corresponding workspace 
>          collection source directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         After an upload is complete, these directories should contain a FASTA file and a metadata file.
         This script generates the metadata file upon the successful upload of a genome object. 
         The FASTA file is hardlinked into the corresponding `collectionssource`directory, which in turn is a
         softlink to a `sourcedata/WS` directory.
```

Right? I think that's correct

       * Softlinks for collections
         ```text
         collectionssource/NONE/[kbase_collection]/[source_ver]/[genome_id]/
         collectionssource/[env]/[kbase_collection]/[source_ver]/[UPA]/
         ```

>          Following a successful upload of a genome object, the GenomeFileUtil will generate an associated FASTA file
>          linked to the assembly object, which will be originally stored in the job data directory. Subsequently, the script will
>          establish a hardlink for the FASTA file in both the collection source directory and the corresponding workspace object
>          source directory. In addition, this script creates an uploaded.yaml file in the collection source directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         These directories are subsets of the `sourcedir` directories - currently either the `NCBI` directory
         or the `WS` directory. More data source directories may be added in future.
         The environment parameter `[env]` is one of the KBase environments, either `CI`, `NEXT`,
         `APPDEV`, or `PROD`, if the data source is from KBase. Otherwise the environment is `NONE`
         for non-KBase sources (currently only NCBI).
         
         The directories are always softlinks into the `sourcedir` directory structure. Effectively `sourcedir`
         acts like a cache, and establishing a new collection or new version of a collection just requires
         fetching any data that does not yet exist in `sourcedir` and then softlinking the `sourcedir` directories
         that are part of the collection. This prevents storing duplicate data that is otherwise shared between
         collections or collection versions.

         Following a successful upload of a genome object, the GenomeFileUtil will generate an associated
         FASTA file linked to the assembly object, which will be originally stored in the job data directory.
         Subsequently, the script will establish a hardlink for the FASTA file in both the collection source
         directory and the corresponding workspace object source directory. In addition, this script creates an
         uploaded.yaml file in the collection source directory containing the data to upload (the NONE
         environment directory) and a meta.yaml file in the uploaded data collection source directory
         (the directory with an environment and UPA).
```

Right?

         ```text
         collectionssource/NONE/GTDB/[GTDB_release_ver]/[ncbi_genome_id]/
         ```
   * Workspace Uploader
     * Example usage
        ```commandline
        python src/loaders/workspace_uploader/workspace_uploader.py \
          --workspace_id $workspace_id \
          --kbase_collection $kbase_collection \
          --source_ver $source_verion \
          --env $env \
          --token_filepath $token_filepath \
          --au_service_ver $au_service_ver \
          --load_id $load_id
        ```
     * Generated files/metafiles
       * NCBI source data directory
         ```text
         sourcedata/NCBI/NONE/<genome_name>/<file_name>
         ```

>         Prior to running the workspace uploader, these directories should contain a GenBank file downloaded
>         using the NCBI downloader script.
>         A softlink is created by the downloader from the appropriate `collectionssource` directory (see below),
>         and when an upload is complete a FASTA file and an `uploaded.yaml` file should be present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         Prior to running the workspace uploader, these directories should contain a GenBank file downloaded
         using the NCBI downloader script.
         A softlink is created by the downloader from the appropriate `collectionssource` directory (see below),
         and when an upload is complete a FASTA file and an `uploaded.yaml` file should be present.
```
screwed up indenting
